Not signing?
I'll give you 3 seconds
After 3 seconds
I will convene a board meeting
What do you think the board members
will think if they know you have mental issues?
What then?
I'll sign
Get out
The one who should leave is you
Don't forget
This house belongs to me
On the property papers
only my name is on them
Jian Dao, don't push things too far
Jian Dao
How are things, Sister Jian Dao?
At present, you've received the divorce papers
and also the share transfer agreement
By the way, the last time you asked me to pass through Li Shi
and buy back the shares of Jian An
What was the shareholder's attitude?
The share transfer agreement has been signed
Along with the portion you gave me
Li Shi can now fully control Jian An
That's great
But now my biggest worry
is little Zhi Han
I'm afraid Zhang Wen Xu
will fight for custody
What should we do, Sister Dao?
I want to ask you for help
Help me get
Zhang Wen Xu's psychiatric evaluation report
Now I have
a video of Zhang Wen Xu committing domestic violence
He has lost his job now
No longer has an income
If I can prove to the court
that he has mental issues
The court won't rule
to give Zhi Han to him
Don't worry, leave it to me, Sister Jian Dao